Chen Han, I'll give you one more chance
Tell me all the secrets you know about the Sun family
I can beg His Majesty to spare you from death
Breeze
You underestimate me.
Breeze Me
I swear
I will never be your enemy again
It's over to you.
Don't move.
Don't worry, I'll let him speak
Take them away from me
Let's go
Hahaha striker
Don't worry.
Sooner or later you will all come down to accompany me
Hahahaha
General Hui, everyone has committed suicide
This is tough
That's okay.
As long as it can be proved that Chen Hai was assassinated
Anyway
I didn't expect this piece of evidence to move to the Sun family either
It seems that you have your own plan, right?
Brother, where have you been?
It's okay, it's quite troublesome.
That's right.
Why haven't you gone back yet? It's not to wait for you.
Oh, right.
The girl with red sleeves just sent someone to give you this letter
Say it says what you want.
Brother, what's written on it?
I want to go home